I belong to a lower middle class family. My mother is the only earning member of my family. She has worked as an English teacher in school. She has reached retirement age and there is no pension. As such, she is still working as an advisor and to help the teachers regarding English in a school, after being retired. She is already helping me peruse my masters degree. I am getting more interested in the mathematical models and statistics behind the experiment design and algorithms. I would like to pursue research in computational or mathematical biology. But I didn't took mathematics in high school, I choose biology, physics, chemistry and computer science. Thus, I must take extra courses on mathematics to pursue my goals. Due to weak financial background, I need help to take the extra courses like these to strengthen my mathematical skills. I cannot put more financial pressure on my mother and thus require the financial aid from coursera to reach pursue them.


I have slowly come to like mathematics more and more, especially while pursuing my masters, I am getting interested in mathematical modeling and statistics behind biological systems. I didn't took mathematics in high school which locks me out of the fields I am now getting interested in and want to learn. My masters provided a course in the starting regarding mathematics which will be required in the coming semesters, but I feel it is not enough to get better and pursue the topics I am interested in to a higher level such as getting a PhD. I also plan to someday pursue a bachelors in mathematics( a long way to reach there from a pure biological background) after working and saving money, if I am able to do so. As such, a course about calculus will help me a lot. Many institutes which work in the fields I am interested in require me to have strong mathematical background to get employed. I require certificates and need to present my understanding in mathematics as to stand a chance in the field. This course will provide me the knowledge and clear my doubts regarding the topics I am trying to learn myself and the certificate can help me become more desirable in the filed.